[2.6] Adding pandas serialization in standard XCom to the pass data guide and the custom XCom backend tutorial (#2197)
astronomer/docs: learn/airflow-passing-data-between-tasks.md

XComs should be used to pass small amounts of data between tasks. For example, task metadata, dates, model accuracy, or single value query results are all ideal data to use with XCom.

While there is nothing stopping you from passing larger amounts of data with XCom, be very careful when doing so and consider using [a custom XCom backend](custom-xcom-backends-tutorial.md) while paying close attention to appropriately [scaling your Airflow resources](airflow-scaling-workers.md).

When using the standard XCom backend, the size-limit for an XCom is determined by the metadata database you are using. Common sizes are: 

- Postgres: 1 Gb
- SQLite: 2 Gb
- MySQL: 64 Kb

You can see that these limits aren't very big. If you think your data passed via XCom might exceed the size of your metadata database, either use a custom XCom backend or [intermediary data storage](#intermediary-data-storage).

> The second limitation in using the standard XCom backend is that only certain types of data can be serialized. Airflow supports JSON serialization, as well as serialization of Pandas dataframes in version 2.6+, if you need to serialize other data types you can do so by using a [custom XCom backend](custom-xcom-backends-tutorial.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second limitation in using the standard XCom backend is that only certain types of data can be serialized. Airflow supports JSON serialization, as well as Pandas dataframe serialization in version 2.6 and later. If you need to serialize other data types you can do so using a [custom XCom backend](custom-xcom-backends-tutorial.md).
```
